to
hello today we are going to work with inks
dry distress let's mix
different colors and I want to show you
something that I have found very useful and is
ink my sponge and pass it on some
occasions on a sheet of paper
recycled and this what it does is like
prepare let's say a little the sponge and
avoid a bit that we stay these as
stripes or as if we were stamping
the little square of the sponge this helps us
to have one and a sharper inking
and more uniform here I show you the
very basic technique that is always
start outside our area of
work and little by little go going towards
the center of our role in this case
and here what I want to do is a
sort of like collage of colors and
here good I wanted to tell you also my
reference with these inks has always
been goltz team and although I admire a lot
his work the truth is that the colors
that he tends to use are colors with
that I do not feel very comfortable then
great news is that we can also
create a great variety a wide range of
colors and very vivid not only vintage
that we know in the style of the team
holtz but also others very vivid or
tenors even as is the case of what
what am I going to do now
and good here I show you how it was used
this same color in another area of ​​my
paper now I'm going to change color and
I wanted to show you how I keep my
inks stamped using the ink in a
little piece of paper that he stuck on
inks and so I can stack them and always
know what color is the one that I'm going
to take another recommendation that I want
to make them is that they always have
different sponges for different
types of colors they have in my case
I have one for all the tones in this
purple case another one for the pink blues
etcetera this helps us to maintain as
the purity let's say in the colors or
they can wash the sponges
are washable here I want to show you how
I'm changing color but I'm
passing it over the orange that I already had
and this is to mix the colors here
I show you the same thing with another tone and
just by passing it over allows us
mix very well and get the
transitions to another color be more
natural that do not look like stripes
marked between one color and another
this is why I 'm going back to
my main color that was the first the
orange and again I will go through
over the neighboring colors so
say it here I show you an idea of ​​what
what can be done with that kind of
papers I did not cut several flowers that
can use
and now I'm going to go over the edges with
this tone that is not seen here but is
purple
around my whole sheet and this is how
to focus attention
and take it to the center of the paper and
do not come out now I'm going to stamp this
seal
just my paper now to start putting together a
project properly
and for this an ink is also
distress
in a brown tone quite clear that
I want it to be like a very subtle background
so that it does not compete with all
colors
and who has this role not then I'm going to
continue stamping everything along
this sheet using this same stamp and here
I show you the cav in my sheet I put a
little detail in the upper right corner
and now I want to decorate with some flowers and
these are the same as part of the
another paper but as they are very colorful
I did not want them to compete with my fund
then I use this same clear tone
that I used to stamp and now I'm going to use
I'm going to try this other stamp with the
same ink to create this effect of
tone on tone
and since I try well the whole area I'm going to
place the flowers on the stamp
Here I show you placed them on the
seal and I'm going to help from a little leaf of
recycling
to pass my hand very well for the
figures and that is perfectly impregnated
of ink
and I do this with each of the figures
and now I'm going to show you how pretty
remain
one
something very subtle to see super elegant
not then I put them together and they
I already show how my project was
finished cut also butterflies with
this same and colored paper here is
the flower already armed here can see the
project already completed and I wanted to show you
another example using one of these flowers
that cut already mounted on a card
I made the background with ink
distress and seal 2 in the same tone
about this that in dye and is also
starting the flower as the leaves I hope
that you liked it if they have any
doubt please let me know them
I appreciate that you accompanied me